# Podcast Summarization
This Python script helps you download, transcribe, and summarize podcast episodes using iTunes API, OpenAI audio transcription, and OpenAI GPT-3.5 Turbo AI models. The script downloads your desired podcast episode, splits it into audio segments, transcribes the audio, and then summarizes the transcript into bullet points. It further generates a captivating first-person narrative final summary.

## Prerequisites
Before running the script, you should have the following libraries and dependencies installed:

- Python 3.6 or higher
- An OpenAI API Key (set as OPENAI_API_KEY in the .env file)

You can install the required Python libraries using the requirements.txt file:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Configuration
Before running the script, you need to set the required variables in the .env file:

- OPENAI_API_KEY: Your OpenAI API key. Sign up for an account at OpenAI and obtain the API key from the OpenAI dashboard.
- APPLE_PODCAST_URL: The Apple Podcast URL of the podcast you want to analyze. To obtain the Apple Podcast URL, go to the Apple Podcasts website or the iTunes Store, search for the podcast, and copy the URL from the address bar or the "Share" button.
- EPISODE_INDEX: The index represents which episode you want to download in the podcast feed. It's 0 for the latest episode, 1 for the previous one, and so on. Set the value in the .env file.

## Running the script
In your terminal or command line, navigate to the folder where the script is located and run the script:

```bash
python rss_downloader.py
```

The script will download the podcast episode, split it into audio segments, transcribe the audio, create bullet points, and generate the final summary. All output files will be saved in the podsum_rss directory by default.

## Output files
The script will create the following files in the podsum_rss directory:

- `{episode_title}.mp3`: The downloaded podcast episode audio file.
- `transcript_{episode_title}.txt`: The transcriptions of the audio segments generated by OpenAI's audio transcription API.
- `topics_{episode_title}.txt`: The bullet point summary outlining the key points, topics, and insights from the podcast episode.
- `final_summary_{episode_title}.txt`: The final first-person narrative summary capturing the essence of the podcast and encouraging the audience to listen to the full episode.